my god i'm actually recording a video
right in front of Joanna and she said
she's not gonna say anything cuz she's
shy but I told you guys I'd open this on
my lunch say something something okay
this kind of fact it those confused as a
scout ng but that's what the displays
for those that are asking i got this
from trans designed not a beauty or head
to toe or any of those other ones this
came from trans a sign i don't know if
they give you dis place but i got
display and i can't figure out where
this car goes still oh please he
co-founded Joanna I'm a good on the
place I'm so excited I think I found a
place for the car so there was another
girl in here named Angela and she
doesn't know about my polish addiction
like Joanna does and so I when I was
opening this the first time she was in
here and she was like kind of putting
her nose up at the ugly colors if only
she knew you guys loved ugly columns to
she's probably one of those typical
girls that only wears red and pink they
say you I'm going to convert you Joanna
the lighting in here Stan oh my gosh the
prune offered that was to be walking
through here
yeah that's my phone do-do-do-do oh my
gosh I need better lighting I'm not
showing you i'm joey the folder full of
dude okay when I go home I'm going to
try to do swatches when I have school
tonight so I don't know if I can but
isn't that the coolest freakin display
of ever seen your wife's hair there it
is okay bye